//This is where all the different Doom-compatible terrains are defined
//note that Water, Sludge, and Lava are available already in zDoom, but these versions have some modifications from the existing ones

//the "base" and "chunk" actor classes used in each splash are the versions provided by zDoom, except for "Mud", which is a new definition

//footclip value for each terrain is commented out, so actors will "stand on" the fluid like in stock Doom
//if you want the fluids to behave like in Raven, so actors will "sink" in them, re-enable the footclip value

//also, I removed the smallclip value from each splash, since they tended to get culled by the floor when the matching terrain has no footclip value defined;
//if you put the footclip value back in, then set the smallclip value for each splash back to "12", so they look right

//sludge, slime, and lava deal no damage; I assume that you'll want to handle damage through sector properties like stock Doom
//you can easily modify this if you want, though; placeholder values are present for each terrain type, but commented out

//lastly, the default zDoom (and Hexen) versions of the splashes alert monsters; I removed this property from mine
//if you want splash noises to alert monsters, then remove "noalert" from each splash definition


//water splash
splash DoomWater
{
   smallclass      WaterSplashBase
   smallclip      0
   smallsound      world/drip

   baseclass      WaterSplashBase
   chunkclass      WaterSplash
   chunkxvelshift   8
   chunkyvelshift   8
   chunkzvelshift   8
   chunkbasezvel   2
   sound         world/watersplash
   noalert
}

terrain DoomWater
{
	splash			DoomWater
	//footclip		10
	liquid
}


//sludge splash
splash DoomSludge
{
	smallclass		SludgeSplash
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/sludgegloop

	baseclass		SludgeSplash
	chunkclass		SludgeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	noalert
}

terrain DoomSludge
{
	splash			DoomSludge
	//footclip		10
	liquid

	//damageamount	5
	//damagetype		slime
	//damagetimemask	34
	//allowprotection
}


//lava
splash DoomLava
{
	smallclass		LavaSplash
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle

	baseclass		LavaSplash
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

terrain DoomLava
{
	splash			DoomLava
	//footclip		10
	liquid

	//damageamount	10
	//damagetype		lava
	//damagetimemask	34
	//allowprotection
}


//blood
splash DoomBlood
{
	smallclass		BloodSplashBase
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/drip

	baseclass		BloodSplashBase
	chunkclass		BloodSplash
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
	noalert
}

terrain DoomBlood
{
	splash			DoomBlood
	//footclip		10
	liquid
	}


//nukage slime
splash DoomSlime
{
   smallclass      SlimeSplash
   smallclip      0
   smallsound      world/sludgegloop

   baseclass      SlimeSplash
   chunkclass      SlimeChunk
   chunkxvelshift   8
   chunkyvelshift   8
   chunkzvelshift   8
   chunkbasezvel   1
   sound         world/sludgegloop
   noalert
}

terrain DoomSlime
{
	splash			DoomSlime
	//footclip		10
	liquid

	//damageamount	5
	//damagetype		slime
	//damagetimemask	34
	//allowprotection
}


//brown muddy slime; based off sludge
splash DoomMud
{
   smallclass      MudSplash
   smallclip      0
   smallsound      world/sludgegloop

   baseclass      MudSplash
   chunkclass      MudChunk
   chunkxvelshift   8
   chunkyvelshift   8
   chunkzvelshift   8
   chunkbasezvel   1
   sound         world/sludgegloop
   noalert
}

terrain DoomMud
{
	splash			DoomMud
	//footclip		10
	liquid
}


//sizzle effect for "hot" floors, like the glowing rock textures
splash DoomSizzle
{
	smallclass		LavaSmoke
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle

	baseclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkclass		none
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

terrain DoomSizzle
{
	splash			DoomSizzle

	//damageamount	5
	//damagetype		lava
	//damagetimemask	34
	//allowprotection
}


//terrains are assigned to flats here
//follow this template to add terrain support to your custom flats

//water
floor fwater1 Doomwater
floor fwater2 Doomwater
floor fwater3 Doomwater
floor fwater4 Doomwater

//sludge
//(note that Heretic's sludge doesn't really fit any stock Doom flats, but it's included in case you want it for custom flats

//lava
floor lava1 DoomLava
floor lava2 DoomLava
floor lava3 DoomLava
floor lava4 DoomLava

//blood
floor blood1 DoomBlood
floor blood2 DoomBlood
floor blood3 DoomBlood

//slime
floor nukage1 DoomSlime
floor nukage2 DoomSlime
floor nukage3 DoomSlime

//muddy sludge
floor optional slime01 DoomMud
floor optional slime02 DoomMud
floor optional slime03 DoomMud
floor optional slime04 DoomMud
floor optional slime05 DoomMud
floor optional slime06 DoomMud
floor optional slime07 DoomMud
floor optional slime08 DoomMud

//sizzling hot floors
floor optional rrock01 DoomSizzle
floor optional rrock02 DoomSizzle
floor optional rrock05 DoomSizzle
floor optional rrock06 DoomSizzle
floor optional rrock07 DoomSizzle
floor optional rrock08 DoomSizzle
floor optional slime09 DoomSizzle
floor optional slime10 DoomSizzle
floor optional slime11 DoomSizzle
floor optional slime12 DoomSizzle

// [MK] terrain defs for Ancient Aliens
floor optional GRAYSLM1 DoomMud
floor optional GRAYSLM2 DoomMud
floor optional GRAYSLM3 DoomMud
floor optional GRAYSLM4 DoomMud

floor optional RROCK21 DoomSizzle
floor optional RROCK22 DoomSizzle
floor optional RROCK23 DoomSizzle
floor optional RROCK24 DoomSizzle
floor optional RROCK25 DoomSizzle
floor optional RROCK26 DoomSizzle

floor optional PURPW1 DoomWater
floor optional PURPW2 DoomWater
floor optional PURPW3 DoomWater
floor optional PURPW4 DoomWater

floor optional PLOOD1 DoomBlood
floor optional PLOOD2 DoomBlood
floor optional PLOOD3 DoomBlood

floor optional ZO1_01 DoomLava
floor optional ZO1_02 DoomLava
floor optional ZO1_03 DoomLava
floor optional ZO1_99 DoomLava

floor optional MLAVA1 DoomLava
floor optional MLAVA2 DoomLava
floor optional MLAVA3 DoomLava
floor optional MLAVA4 DoomLava

// [MK] terrain defs for BTSX
floor optional FWATER02 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER03 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER04 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER05 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER06 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER07 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER08 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER09 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER10 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER11 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER12 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER13 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER14 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER15 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER16 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER17 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER18 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER19 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER20 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER21 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER22 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER23 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER24 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER25 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER26 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER27 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER28 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER29 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER30 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER31 DoomWater

floor optional LAVA02 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA03 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA04 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA05 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA06 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA07 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA08 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA09 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA10 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA11 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA12 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA13 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA14 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA15 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA16 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA17 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA18 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA19 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA20 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA21 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA22 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA23 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA24 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA25 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA26 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA27 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA28 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA29 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA30 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA31 DoomLava

floor optional NUKE02 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE03 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE04 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE05 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE06 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE07 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE08 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE09 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE10 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE11 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE12 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE13 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE14 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE15 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE16 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE17 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE18 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE19 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE20 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE21 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE22 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE23 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE24 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE25 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE26 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE27 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE28 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE29 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE30 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKE31 DoomSlime

floor optional SLUDG02 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG03 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG04 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG05 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG06 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG07 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG08 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG09 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG10 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG11 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG12 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG13 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG14 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG15 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG16 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG17 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG18 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG19 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG20 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG21 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG22 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG23 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG24 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG25 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG26 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG27 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG28 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG29 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG30 DoomMud
floor optional SLUDG31 DoomMud

floor optional SWATER1 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT02 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT03 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT04 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT05 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT06 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT07 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT08 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT09 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT10 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT11 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT12 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT13 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT14 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT15 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT16 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT17 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT18 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT19 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT20 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT21 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT22 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT23 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT24 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT25 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT26 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT27 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT28 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT29 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT30 DoomWater
floor optional COOLNT31 DoomWater
floor optional SWATER4 DoomWater

floor optional BLOOD02 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD03 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD04 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD05 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD06 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD07 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD08 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD09 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD10 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD11 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD12 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD13 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD14 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD15 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD16 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD17 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD18 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD19 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD20 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD21 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD22 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD23 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD24 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD25 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD26 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD27 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD28 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD29 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD30 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD31 DoomBlood

// [MK] terrain defs for Eviternity and other OTEX-using maps
floor optional OBLODA01 DoomBlood
floor optional OBLODA02 DoomBlood
floor optional OBLODA03 DoomBlood
floor optional OBLODA04 DoomBlood
floor optional OBLODA05 DoomBlood
floor optional OBLODA06 DoomBlood
floor optional OBLODA07 DoomBlood
floor optional OBLODA08 DoomBlood

// hotfix for Bastion of Chaos (damn you bridgeburner)
floor optional 0BLODA01 DoomBlood
floor optional 0BLODA02 DoomBlood
floor optional 0BLODA03 DoomBlood
floor optional 0BLODA04 DoomBlood
floor optional 0BLODA05 DoomBlood
floor optional 0BLODA06 DoomBlood
floor optional 0BLODA07 DoomBlood
floor optional 0BLODA08 DoomBlood

floor optional OGOOPY01 DoomWater
floor optional OGOOPY02 DoomWater
floor optional OGOOPY03 DoomWater
floor optional OGOOPY04 DoomWater
floor optional OGOOPY05 DoomWater
floor optional OGOOPY06 DoomWater
floor optional OGOOPY07 DoomWater
floor optional OGOOPY08 DoomWater

floor optional OICYWA01 DoomWater
floor optional OICYWA02 DoomWater
floor optional OICYWA03 DoomWater
floor optional OICYWA04 DoomWater
floor optional OICYWA05 DoomWater
floor optional OICYWA06 DoomWater
floor optional OICYWA07 DoomWater
floor optional OICYWA08 DoomWater

floor optional OLAVAA01 DoomSizzle
floor optional OLAVAA02 DoomSizzle
floor optional OLAVAB01 DoomSizzle
floor optional OLAVAC01 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAC02 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAC03 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAC04 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAC05 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAC06 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAC07 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAC08 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAD01 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAD02 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAD03 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAD04 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAD05 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAD06 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAD07 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAD08 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAE01 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAE02 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAE03 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAE04 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAE05 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAE06 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAE07 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAE08 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAF01 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAF02 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAF03 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAF04 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAF05 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAF06 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAF07 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAF08 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAF09 DoomLava
floor optional OLAVAF10 DoomLava

floor optional ONUKEA01 DoomSlime
floor optional ONUKEA02 DoomSlime
floor optional ONUKEA03 DoomSlime
floor optional ONUKEA04 DoomSlime
floor optional ONUKEA05 DoomSlime
floor optional ONUKEA06 DoomSlime
floor optional ONUKEA07 DoomSlime
floor optional ONUKEA08 DoomSlime

floor optional OPOOPY01 DoomMud
floor optional OPOOPY02 DoomMud
floor optional OPOOPY03 DoomMud
floor optional OPOOPY04 DoomMud
floor optional OPOOPY05 DoomMud
floor optional OPOOPY06 DoomMud
floor optional OPOOPY07 DoomMud
floor optional OPOOPY08 DoomMud

floor optional OSLUDG01 DoomMud
floor optional OSLUDG02 DoomMud
floor optional OSLUDG03 DoomMud
floor optional OSLUDG04 DoomMud
floor optional OSLUDG05 DoomMud
floor optional OSLUDG06 DoomMud
floor optional OSLUDG07 DoomMud
floor optional OSLUDG08 DoomMud

floor optional OTAR__01 DoomMud
floor optional OTAR__02 DoomMud
floor optional OTAR__03 DoomMud
floor optional OTAR__04 DoomMud
floor optional OTAR__05 DoomMud
floor optional OTAR__06 DoomMud
floor optional OTAR__07 DoomMud
floor optional OTAR__08 DoomMud

floor optional OWATER01 DoomWater
floor optional OWATER02 DoomWater
floor optional OWATER03 DoomWater
floor optional OWATER04 DoomWater
floor optional OWATER05 DoomWater
floor optional OWATER06 DoomWater
floor optional OWATER07 DoomWater
floor optional OWATER08 DoomWater

// [MK] terrain defs for Refracted Reality
floor optional BLDNUKE1 DoomBlood
floor optional BLDNUKE2 DoomBlood
floor optional BLDNUKE3 DoomBlood
floor optional BLDNUKE4 DoomBlood

floor optional BLOOD2A DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD2B DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD4 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD5 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD6 DoomBlood

floor optional CYWATR1 DoomWater
floor optional CYWATR2 DoomWater
floor optional CYWATR3 DoomWater
floor optional CYWATR4 DoomWater

floor optional EGSLIME1 DoomMud
floor optional EGSLIME2 DoomMud
floor optional EGSLIME3 DoomMud
floor optional EGSLIME4 DoomMud

floor optional EQSLIME1 DoomMud
floor optional EQSLIME2 DoomMud
floor optional EQSLIME3 DoomMud
floor optional EQSLIME4 DoomMud

floor optional FWATER5 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER6 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER7 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER8 DoomWater

floor optional GOLDSLM1 DoomLava
floor optional GOLDSLM2 DoomLava
floor optional GOLDSLM3 DoomLava

floor optional NUKAGE2A DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE2B DoomSlime

floor optional PURPCRACK DoomSizzle

floor optional RACRAK01 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK02 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK03 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK04 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK05 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK06 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK07 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK08 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK09 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK10 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK11 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK12 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK13 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK14 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK15 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK16 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK17 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK18 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK19 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK20 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK21 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK22 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK23 DoomSizzle
floor optional RACRAK24 DoomSizzle

floor optional SEWAGE1 DoomSlime
floor optional SEWAGE2 DoomSlime
floor optional SEWAGE3 DoomSlime

floor optional SLIMAGE1 DoomMud
floor optional SLIMAGE2 DoomMud
floor optional SLIMAGE3 DoomMud
floor optional SLIMAGE4 DoomMud

floor optional ZFBCROK1 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFBCROK2 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFBCROK3 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFBCROK4 DoomSizzle

floor optional ZFBLAVA1 DoomLava
floor optional ZFBLAVA2 DoomLava
floor optional ZFBLAVA3 DoomLava
floor optional ZFBLAVA4 DoomLava

floor optional ZFBWATR1 DoomWater
floor optional ZFBWATR2 DoomWater
floor optional ZFBWATR3 DoomWater
floor optional ZFBWATR4 DoomWater

floor optional ZFGCROK1 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFGCROK2 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFGCROK3 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFGCROK4 DoomSizzle

floor optional ZFGLAVA1 DoomLava
floor optional ZFGLAVA2 DoomLava
floor optional ZFGLAVA3 DoomLava
floor optional ZFGLAVA4 DoomLava

floor optional ZFGWATR1 DoomWater
floor optional ZFGWATR2 DoomWater
floor optional ZFGWATR3 DoomWater
floor optional ZFGWATR4 DoomWater

floor optional ZFILAVA1 DoomLava
floor optional ZFILAVA2 DoomLava
floor optional ZFILAVA3 DoomLava
floor optional ZFILAVA4 DoomLava

floor optional ZFIWATR1 DoomWater
floor optional ZFIWATR2 DoomWater
floor optional ZFIWATR3 DoomWater
floor optional ZFIWATR4 DoomWater

floor optional ZFKLAVA1 DoomLava
floor optional ZFKLAVA2 DoomLava
floor optional ZFKLAVA3 DoomLava
floor optional ZFKLAVA4 DoomLava

floor optional ZFKWATR1 DoomWater
floor optional ZFKWATR2 DoomWater
floor optional ZFKWATR3 DoomWater
floor optional ZFKWATR4 DoomWater

floor optional ZFPWATR1 DoomWater
floor optional ZFPWATR2 DoomWater
floor optional ZFPWATR3 DoomWater
floor optional ZFPWATR4 DoomWater

floor optional ZFRLAVA1 DoomLava
floor optional ZFRLAVA2 DoomLava
floor optional ZFRLAVA3 DoomLava
floor optional ZFRLAVA4 DoomLava

floor optional ZFWCROK1 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFWCROK2 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFWCROK3 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFWCROK4 DoomSizzle

floor optional ZFWWATR1 DoomWater
floor optional ZFWWATR2 DoomWater
floor optional ZFWWATR3 DoomWater
floor optional ZFWWATR4 DoomWater

floor optional ZFYCROK1 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFYCROK2 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFYCROK3 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFYCROK4 DoomSizzle

floor optional ZFYWATR1 DoomWater
floor optional ZFYWATR2 DoomWater
floor optional ZFYWATR3 DoomWater
floor optional ZFYWATR4 DoomWater

floor optional ZFOCROK1 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFOCROK2 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFOCROK3 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFOCROK4 DoomSizzle

floor optional ZFOWATR1 DoomWater
floor optional ZFOWATR2 DoomWater
floor optional ZFOWATR3 DoomWater
floor optional ZFOWATR4 DoomWater

floor optional ZFLCROK1 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFLCROK2 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFLCROK3 DoomSizzle
floor optional ZFLCROK4 DoomSizzle

floor optional ZFLWATR1 DoomWater
floor optional ZFLWATR2 DoomWater
floor optional ZFLWATR3 DoomWater
floor optional ZFLWATR4 DoomWater

// [MK] Equinox slime
floor optional EQNXSL01 DoomMud
floor optional EQNXSL02 DoomMud
floor optional EQNXSL03 DoomMud
floor optional EQNXSL04 DoomMud
